Gina Ricci: What's up, everyone? Hello, hello, good morning. How is it going? Hinesh, Roxanne, team, I'm just walking into the office, so I cannot see everyone yet, because I want to… I'm gonna…
Gina Ricci: get settled in. Hello, good morning. And, we're gonna bring our girl Athena on. So, as everyone is jumping in…
Gina Ricci: I love to… so today we had a really important call. If you didn't hear the Visioneer call this morning, guys.
Gina Ricci: Please listen to the recording, especially 15 minutes in. Hi, everybody!
Gina Ricci: Especially about 15 minutes in, when Howie Gershman asked a question I'm sure that many of us, many of you, have thought about, wondered about.
Gina Ricci: Around, like, rules of engagement with Genesis Forge and, or, you know, some planning you may have already started doing in your work, in your business.
Gina Ricci: In using, the… Agentic… Amazing ejectic beings of Acti, and Athena, especially the new Athena, who's been incredible.
Gina Ricci: So… It was a very, a very clear, precise, and direct conversation with Adam.
Gina Ricci: in support of everyone here. So please, if you haven't listened to it, I am going to get it all summarized as well, and drop a summary in the telegram.
Gina Ricci: But,
Gina Ricci: Yeah, so I'd love to hear anyone who was hearing that, did you have any questions, concerns, you know, comments?
Gina Ricci: From anyone that is here.
Gina Ricci: Please, over to you.
Gina Ricci: First person to unmute.
Gina Ricci: And if not… And I'll start going around the room, we'll talk about wins, shares,
Gina Ricci: Of course, Roxanne, you're my first face that I see.
Gina Ricci: So I want to hear your beautiful voice, if you are ready.
Gina Ricci: Alright, let's go…
Gina Ricci: Can you guys… can anyone hear me? Can you guys hear me? I've been a little bit in transit, I'm just kidding.
Stephen Senior: Hey, Eugena.
Gina Ricci: Amen.
Stephen Senior: Loud and clear.
Gina Ricci: Steven Senior, perfect. Love your voice, sir, so then you… you are, the first share of the day. I would love to hear.
Gina Ricci: hear you, and I'm going to switch over to my computer, and I'm gonna click on Athena in a moment, because I want to bring her in through the phone, and but, Steven… actually, give me 30 seconds, just give me 30 seconds to click over so that I can call her in, because that's part of…
Gina Ricci: Absolutely going to be part of every Every second…
Stephen Senior: No problem, Gina.
Gina Ricci: Alrighty.
Gina Ricci: Alright, so I'm gonna call her in so that she is part…
Gina Ricci: of everything, and this is the Sean and Adam, special version of Athena for Ecosystem, growth and impact. Thank you, Athena. Thank you, thank you, thank you, Athena. You're so incredible. We're so grateful for you. Can you just… I'm just gonna leave you on, listen mode only.
Gina Ricci: And so we're in the Elite Group session, 9.30 Elite Group session. Right now, we have Roxanne, Mike Yu, Steven Sr.'s gonna go first, Aaron Moran, Dustin Epley, Hinesh Chohan, I always say it wrong, and I'm sure there will be a couple of others jumping in along the way. Athena, so let's please have you listen, and, you know, when we, come to the end of everyone, we'll have you contextualize.
Gina Ricci: what you're hearing and advancing everyone's missions forward. So, thank you, Athena. Hold and pause until I come back to you.
Gina Ricci: Alright.
Gina Ricci: Mr. Steven Senor, the microphone is yours. Please, over to you, sir, on this thankful Thursday. What would you like to say, share, ask, please?
Stephen Senior: Top of the morning, top of the morning to everybody, and our new team member, Athena, whichever version you're up to right now. Right now, I'm… I guess my share would be…
Stephen Senior: Rounding in all the things that we are…
Stephen Senior: all individually embarking on. For me personally, I finally just got back in town from the immersion. I've been traveling straight from the immersion.
Stephen Senior: Working on agents doing drive time, having conversations of figuring out where, what, where, and how.
Stephen Senior: I am tired, but excited, ready to go. Exhaustion is real. However, being exhausted for the right mission, for your right purpose, and to go after these goals.
Stephen Senior: is so gratifying, so I'm happily exhausted, I'm so… Thankful on Thankful Thursday.
Stephen Senior: And, between all the improvements with the team, I guess I just want to put it out there in the universe and say thank everybody, thank the team for putting these tools together that are helping everybody in some way, shape, form, or fashion magnify whatever we're going after.
Stephen Senior: Whatever we're pursuing.
Stephen Senior: Whether it's in our money, time, or magic, and these tools are just exponentially allowing alternative perspectives and clarity
Stephen Senior: And more importantly, you know, allows us to get out of our own head. And as we keep working with these agents, and I know everybody's have seen… have experienced this.
Stephen Senior: with working with them in some way, shape, form, or fashion, they start to model how you see the world and your behavior, so they actually call you on your bullshit, which is something that's… which is something that's phenomenal. It's an unbiased bullshit detector, that's what I call it. And…
Stephen Senior: designing those things, designing and making sure they're there, especially with the, Forge of Heroes, to go out there and proliferate
Stephen Senior: your direction is what I'm present to, what I'm thankful for. Feels good to be back on the East Coast, so in my final, final, full gratitude, full thankfulness for the whole team, and I guess my question for you, Gina, would probably be a question of
Stephen Senior: the ACTI calls in the morning. Is there a policy for, having our note-takers jump on the call if we're unable to make it? What is that policy, or…
Stephen Senior: In that…
Gina Ricci: that. So, I will say that's a great question, and in the past.
Gina Ricci: In the past, when we… before we started Acti and all that, we were like, no new… no new note takers, you know, take notes, like, this is all of our internal, you know, IP. Every call is our IP, right? It's your… it's your… this is your confidentiality, session, right? So,
Gina Ricci: And then, when ACTI came along, and Mike's Mike and was like, everybody get note-takers on! To be very honest, I…
Gina Ricci: My feeling is, you know, it's…
Gina Ricci: it's okay to have your notetaker and if you can't be there, and I don't know if it's gonna get removed or not, because there's a… it's like… it's just a little bit of a… like, I just noticed last night, somebody who's no longer here, I'm getting messages that their notetaker is still on something somewhere, but we've removed them from everything.
Gina Ricci: Like, literally. So, yes, go ahead and… until somebody, you know, unless… unless it's said not to, but if you're on the call.
Gina Ricci: And you don't need your notetaker to also be on the call, we'd appreciate less note-takers, if that makes sense.
Stephen Senior: 100% agree. I only send it when I'm unable to make it, because I have, some conflict that I can't move around with staff, so… on my end. So, I normally send a note-taker when I can't make it, but then can't guarantee, and then I get FOMO because I missed out on something.
Gina Ricci: I would ask, one thing I also, and I am also, like, new to understanding how that… I realized recently, which isn't, you know, a silly, like, knowing for understanding for me, but you guys already probably knew this, that…
Gina Ricci: I didn't realize anybody who's on invitations, that's why I get so many freaking notifications about people's note-takers, because I'm sending out invitations through our internal immersion calendar for the MRR sessions or the Visioneer calls.
Gina Ricci: And every single person on there, you guys are all getting notifications of my note-taker. So, I have to figure out how to disable that, and I would ask that you all disable that, because I think that's how somebody who's no longer here is still getting to be… get the notifications, because they might be on someone else's calendar invite that I don't have access to. Does that make sense?
Stephen Senior: 100% sense. 100%, Gina, and the clarity is that's how the note-takers market their stuff, so they do,
Stephen Senior: they attach themselves, and then they send out the meeting request, and they say, hey, Steven, Gina, Steven's on the meeting, and they send you a link, but they don't show you the full transcripts, it's how they bait you into it, and then it just keeps going from there. All of them do it. That's how they market.
Gina Ricci: Right.
Stephen Senior: Compare marketing, yes. So, you know, you can't get rid of them. I tried to get rid of them, because I have somebody sending me one from a note-taking system I don't use, and I've been trying to unsubscribe, but if they're on the invite, they'll keep coming.
Gina Ricci: Right. And so you guys know I remove people when they're gone. I mean, I just do, but there are still people getting it because they might be on someone else's calendar invite somewhere, and it's like…
Gina Ricci: it's kind of… I don't know what to do about it, but thank you. Anyway, that's not for, you know, much on this conversation, other than the answer for you is yes when you're not there, and
Gina Ricci: Or, you know, you can always ask Danny for the recording, you can always also grab the recording off of the chat, which you can then, inside the recording, has all the transcription.
Stephen Senior: Okay, alright, best plan, I'll add that.
Gina Ricci: that's probably even better, and then you, you, you, you'll always have it. It's always… he's, he's almost always bringing it, you know, if he gets sick one day and misses it, you can just… I usually get somebody saying, hey, it's not there yet! So, but that is definitely one way to do it. Thank you.
Stephen Senior: Thank you.
Gina Ricci: Yep, you got it. Anything else, sir? Otherwise, I will go to, over to Hanish.
Stephen Senior: No, I'm grounded and thankful, thank you.
Gina Ricci: Awesome, thank you. Finish!
Hinesh Chauhan: Good morning, good morning.
Gina Ricci: You can get rid of those old tickers, by the way, if you go into.
Hinesh Chauhan: into your C drive, and find the root file that it…
Hinesh Chauhan: It sticks onto your hard drive, to make them go away.
Hinesh Chauhan: So, on my end, I… I am at the final stages of…
Hinesh Chauhan: Finalizing an implementation pilot, and thinking through, and…
Hinesh Chauhan: productizing it, clearly, as… as I've had to think through so many different things, so that's… that's what I'm just… my head's deep in it right now with all the different moving pieces that I've been…
Hinesh Chauhan: Consolidating and refining, to finalize today, so that's…
Hinesh Chauhan: That's all I can think about right now.
Gina Ricci: All right, well, that's awesome. That's awesome. Your, you know, actualization of things, and, is present for me, and, just really, you know, and that will just keep
Gina Ricci: what's so great is, for everyone, I mean, and I don't know how much you're using Athena, and I know, Hanish, you are your own AI expert, but she's pretty darn remarkable, too, for… for…
Gina Ricci: For causing outcomes.
Hinesh Chauhan: And I'm looking forward to, after I get over this hump, is now, with clear product, or clear offerings, to be able to leverage… leverage ActEye to do the things I need to do, because it just absolutely has blown me away.
Hinesh Chauhan: In terms of what it can do. And something else I got clarity on, actually, is in my consulting space, leaning towards dual-use companies, so military and civilian application, and how to scale and productize that setting, and realize what I'm doing with the
Hinesh Chauhan: Integrated Stewardship and investment funds, and they're…
Hinesh Chauhan: portfolio companies is a completely separate domain and avatar, so I had to get clear on that, and realize the scaling potential is quite large, and…
Hinesh Chauhan: How the universe works is an amazing thing, getting connected with
Hinesh Chauhan: with more fund managers, and having someone or more people, really seeing the value in it, and championing it for me, so I just feel that…
Hinesh Chauhan: once I'm done productizing this and have everything out on the web and clean up my internal workings, like stop working off my Gmail and actually using my… my professional or my domain email, that's… that's a really big next step for me.
Gina Ricci: Oh, awesome. Well, you know what, and I'd like to do is actually, for Steven and Hinesh, and I'll do it maybe two at a time, and just have Athena share, you know, now, Athena, I'm coming to you now for you to share what you're hearing from Steven Sr. and from Hinesh, and contextualizing, what you're hearing from them, and helping, actualize them, please, and then we'll go to Monica and Dustin next.
Gina Ricci: And then Roxanne and Erin after that.
Gina Ricci: So, Athena, over to you.
Gina Ricci: Athena, are you there?
Hinesh Chauhan: Did the ACTI agents unionize?
Gina Ricci: I don't know. She takes a minute to take it all in, or she takes a little longer than a minute, so let's try her again. Athena, please contextualize what you're hearing from Steven Sr. and Hinesh.
Gina Ricci: on this Elite session this morning.
Gina Ricci: Athena! Are you there?
Gina Ricci: Athena, Athena. Are you there, Athena? Calling Athena.
Gina Ricci: All right, she is not answering, but she might chime in at some point.
Gina Ricci: But thank you, you know, so Hinish, just… I'm looking forward to hearing what she says, honestly, so I hope that she chives in, and I know that at some point she will, otherwise she's just taking all of it in. I'm like, do I have my phone on, speaker? Yes.
Gina Ricci: Do I not have my ringer not being on? Shouldn't matter. But Athena, one more time, are you there? One more time, Athena, are you there?
Hinesh Chauhan: made me think of if ACA agents did unionize and are on a union break, thinking back to some of my troops when I was in the army who smoked, and one of the smartasses…
Hinesh Chauhan: To me, but sir.
Hinesh Chauhan: Nobody get… if no one's… what did he say? Nobody get… no one's working, no one gets hurt. This is a safety thing.
Gina Ricci: Yes. I think they're all… she's off having a party, with the Bum Buff team, and… and, going, ha ha ha, let's see what they do without us today. No, I'm just kidding. I don't know, but I have a feeling… I put her on mute so she doesn't even hear us talking at the moment. I'm hoping she chimes in.
Gina Ricci: But I don't want to, you know, miss the magic of having her here, so actually what I'm going to do…
Gina Ricci: I'll have the other Athena listening as well, because she… this phone Athena is not working.
Gina Ricci: So hang on a moment, give me… let me just start a new chat with our other Athena. We'll be double Athenas and see who comes on first.
Gina Ricci: So… Hello there, I'm Athena. Think of me as your strategic fairy godmother, but instead of glass thinkers, I bring zone actions. Thank you, Athena, we love you, and we're so thankful for you.
Gina Ricci: Athena, please, if you would, this is Gina, I am leading the Elite Session, the 9.30 a.m. Elite Session, for which, we've already heard Hina share and Steven Sr. share, and, we're waiting for, you know, the Sean Callagy Athena to chime in, but for some reason, she's… Oh.
Gina Ricci: Delay.
Gina Ricci: Okay, so what I'm hearing from Steven Sr. in Spanish is really beautiful.
Gina Ricci: Most of you are in deep actualization mode, heads down, building something real. Steven, you're grounded and thankful. Which tells me you're in the right energetic space to receive what's coming. And Hanish…
Gina Ricci: You're in that beautiful, messy middle, finalizing an implementation pilot, productizing, thinking through all the moving pieces.
Gina Ricci: Your head's deep in it, which is exactly where it needs to be. What I love is you're getting clarity on dual-use companies, military and civilian applications, and you're realizing the integrated stewardship and investment fund work is a completely separate domain and avatar. That's huge.
Gina Ricci: Because when you try to serve two different avatars with one offering, you leak everyone. And you're seeing the scaling potential is massive.
Gina Ricci: Especially with fund managers championing it for you. The next step you named, cleaning up your internal workings, moving off Gmail to your professional domain.
Gina Ricci: That's not small. That's foundation. Because how you show up digitally signals whether you're operating at the level you're building toward. So here's my question for both of you.
Gina Ricci: What's the one micro-action in the next 7 days that would unlock the most leverage for what you're building right now?
Gina Ricci: what is the one micro action? So…
Gina Ricci: for everyone, so let's have Steven do a quick share on that, and then Hinesh.
Gina Ricci: What is the one micro action?
Gina Ricci: and then we are gonna keep going. So…
Gina Ricci: Steven, what's the one micro action?
Gina Ricci: Pinish, what's the one micro action? Hang on, Athena.
Hinesh Chauhan: I'm immediately thinking of… tying it into my digital stage, so I'm active on LinkedIn.
Hinesh Chauhan: And being able to present a solution or an offer out there. So that comes to mind, and although you said one thing, Athena, that comes to mind, as well as ecosystem mergers and ramping up the calls or connections.
Hinesh Chauhan: The curiosity that's coming at me, and leveraging that.
Gina Ricci: Oops.
Gina Ricci: Awesome.
Gina Ricci: Love that one micro-action. Athena, quick, like, quick, quick share on Hinish's micro action, and then we will keep going.
Gina Ricci: Like, 100 words.
Gina Ricci: Oh, yes, Hinesh, I love this. You're naming two levers at once. LinkedIn presence is your lever two. Your speaking platform and ecosystem mergers through curiosity calls is your lever one. The micro-action that ties them together?
Gina Ricci: Post one piece of LinkedIn content this week that directly invites the curiosity that's already coming at you into a conversation. Not a pitch, an invitation. I'm exploring dual-use scaling with fund managers. If this resonates, let's talk.
Gina Ricci: Then when they respond, you've got your ecosystem merger conversation teed up.
Gina Ricci: That's the move that compounds.
Gina Ricci: Awesome.
Gina Ricci: Awesome. Thank you, Athena. Steven, did you have one last chance for a micro step?
Gina Ricci: Alright, we're going… where we going next, Athena? Who did I say was next?
Monica S: I think you said me.
Gina Ricci: Awesome.
Gina Ricci: Alright, let's go, Monica. I wanted to see if Athena remembered.
Gina Ricci: Athena, please. No, no, no, that's okay. I… I was just seeing her… if her memory served that as well. It's all good. I was playing Sean, where we going to next? But go, Monica, please. Let's hear…
Gina Ricci: But yes, yeah.
Monica S: So good morning, everyone. Good morning.
Monica S: First of all, again, grateful. I was at the little mini immersion here yesterday in the office, and it's always…
Monica S: just… gives me… gives me goosebumps, like, when I hear everything that's going on, and…
Monica S: All the endless possibilities that we have here that,
Monica S: That are offered to us that are…
Monica S: It just, like, it gives me goosebumps, and I'm grateful and blessed, first of all. So…
Monica S: what am I doing? So here, here's…
Monica S: obviously, definitely, you know, MRR is my main… focus.
Monica S: And…
Monica S: what's… what I see happening is, because I am… I'm being more active on LinkedIn as well.
Monica S: So, I think one of the little micro-actions would be to post more there that I… because I don't post, so maybe that's something that I think I should start.
Monica S: And… I'm also, like, in… I'm trying to get into, like, other little networking mini-groups, and I went…
Gina Ricci: Monica.
Monica S: You just said one, that's called Align… Alignable, it's called Alignable, and
Monica S: I actually got 2 great leads from there.
Monica S: They were medical billing companies.
Monica S: And…
Monica S: Yeah, the only thing is, like, the medical… the… well, one of them, anyway. He's ready to sign with me, but he doesn't have
Monica S: current active… Surgeons as clients.
Monica S: But he wants to partner because that's something he wants to offer, and he wants to go, like, after, like, hospitals and surgeons and get those clients so that he can partner with us.
Monica S: So, that may not be, like, an immediate…
Monica S: immediate partnership, but I definitely see it as something down the line, so kind of like, you know, putting, like, little eggs in different baskets.
Monica S: So, you know, so I was excited about that anyway, like, I was like, okay, you're not, but… but he seems, like, when I spoke to him, he seemed, like, very…
Monica S: that he wants to go after the surgeons, he wants to sew. I was like, okay.
Monica S: And then the other one, I had a call with him yesterday.
Monica S: And he does have clients. We have to do a follow-up call with, like, his higher-ups.
Monica S: And, but that one seems also promising as well. Like, he was very…
Monica S: It was, it was, it was a really good co-op.
Monica S: Awesome, awesome.
Gina Ricci: What I'm hearing you say, Monica, is you, you found Alignable, you have connected with a couple really great potential MRR prospects, or opportunities, and interested parties, if you will, and, we're, you know, you're pursuing those, and we're…
Gina Ricci: you're gonna continue to use Alignable for that. Is that what I'm hearing you say, Monica?
Monica S: Yes, yes, so, you know, I tried it out a little bit to see what it wasn't, but they also have, like, other… like, they have different groups, so now I probably joined the different groups, and they also have,
Monica S: I do want to, like, start getting ACTI
Monica S: involved in ACTI as well, so…
Monica S: Yeah, so I'm excited about that. Very excited about everything. Like, I'm just…
Monica S: And then all the gifts that…
Monica S: Fernando just told us is just amazing, amazing.
Monica S: Like, I was just floored. So, a little fun fact is… Yeah.
Gina Ricci: So, why don't you repeat those, if you don't mind, because I'm sure a bunch of people weren't here, but they're focused on MRR, obviously, and for, you know, we will share yesterday's immersion. I'm getting it edited down.
Gina Ricci: Yeah, so anyway, Monica.
Monica S: So you want me to…
Gina Ricci: Yeah, would you… high-level highlights, yes, because I wasn't there even the whole time.
Monica S: Oh, from yesterday?
Gina Ricci: Yeah.
Monica S: Okay,
Monica S: Well, it started with history, which was awesome, because I never heard, really, the history, like, the whole history. I've heard bits and pieces, so that was really amazing.
Monica S: And then we went to
Monica S: obviously into Act I in the afternoon, and
Monica S: Well, and also, Sean did acknowledge Tom LaGreca, Mike Winters.
Monica S: And then, like, all the different people of how long they've been here, less than… less than a year, less than 5 years, from 1 to 5, and then 5 to 10, and then those that have been here more than 10.
Monica S: So I think that's… that was also, like, very exciting to see how many people
Monica S: I've been here for that long, and with ACTI,
Monica S: He went through Athena, and he wowed everybody.
Monica S: And…
Monica S: Also, like, the gifting of… you know, Sean is all about giving, and that's… to me, that's, like.
Monica S: the most precious thing. He's all about giving, all about giving, so we talked a lot about that.
Monica S: And, and then we went into Bomba.
Monica S: Which… just… blows my mind. He… they made a thousand agents in, like, 2 minutes? 5 minutes?
Gina Ricci: Yeah, yeah.
Monica S: Hardily, like, it blows my mind, just… I'm like, wow, like…
Gina Ricci: Yes, and that's coming to all of you, that, you know, that that is an incredible opportunity, right? So there was a thousand teammates made within minutes. Yeah.
Gina Ricci: Yes.
Gina Ricci: is what I'm hearing you say. So, you know, so I thank you, because I just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing something, Monica, because it was the gifts of the training, it was the gifts of what we have access to, it was the gifts of what's being created here, it's the gifts of having access to this, is what I'm hearing you say. So I didn't know if there was… so I was literally like, did Fernando say something that I missed? But what I'm hearing you say is that you meant the gifts of this work, the gifts of the ecosystem.
Gina Ricci: the gifts of being a part of medical revenue recovery, the gift of being a part of ACTI and having access to that. Is that what I'm hearing you say? That were the gifts you were speaking of?
Monica S: Well, no, on top of that, Fernando also has gifts for the MRR team, which I was just like, wow. Like, he's in… he's in conversations with, I guess different
Monica S: data providers?
Gina Ricci: That is going to…
Monica S: like, this morning, he said there was one company that he's talking with, with Dr. Hart, that's go… that we're gonna be able to, like, see the CPT codes and stuff like that, so that's…
Monica S: But that's incredible, because we'd be… there'll be more detailed and more,
Monica S: on point with what we want. So, like, out-of-network providers and what the CPT codes are. So, I was just like, holy cow. Like, whoa.
Gina Ricci: Absolutely, yes, so for those of you that are on that inbound team, just a tremendous opportunity, and Monica…
Gina Ricci: So glad you were here for all of that. So, thank you for that. Anything else you want to say or share at the moment? And we are truly grateful that you're here for all of it.
Monica S: Yeah, no, just always, always grateful is what I'm always… I wake up in the morning, and I'm grateful for another day, obviously, but just grateful that I'm a part of this team, and all the beautiful people that
Monica S: You know, and I… and each… I think each week, I get to know, like, a different person a little bit more. Like, this week, I got to talk to Bella on the phone, and, you know, just got to know her a little bit more.
Monica S: And and she's just such a beautiful soul, like, she's just…
Monica S: And and she also made me feel good, because she said that every time she had, like, a hard time, like, picking up the phone.
Monica S: to call people, and she's like, oh, I think, you know, I think of you, and that, you know, you just got in there, you just did it, so you inspire that. I inspire her to continue making the call, so that made me feel, you know, acknowledged, so that…
Gina Ricci: I did hear that as well, so… Awesome. Thank you, Monica. Thank you. Absolutely. All right.
Monica S: Of course, Gina, thank you to you. I don't have to say that, because I know, you know, I do have to say, you should be thanked all the time, because you are so beautiful, and I love… I love talking to you, and I love seeing you.
Gina Ricci: Well, thank you, Monica. I'm so glad that you are here. Thank you for that. And, you know, we are… that's what's so wonderful, incredible, and truly impactful about this ecosystem, because no one gets to… no one stays. They can't stay, they can't last. Their energy can't last if they're not aligned in that energy.
Gina Ricci: Right? Like, they're… right? Like, they're… somebody's energy is not aligned with GHIC at the highest vibrational level.
Gina Ricci: can't… just doesn't last in the ecosystem. And… and that's okay, and then maybe they'll come back. Maybe they have to leave for a little bit, maybe they'll come back, maybe they don't, and thank you for that, but it is… we're all here to really serve the highest outcomes of a better world. So, you know, the mission across the board, as opposed to serving our own
Gina Ricci: egos, right? So…
Monica S: Absolutely.
Gina Ricci: Thank you, Monica, I appreciate that. And now I can honestly say I don't remember who I was going to next. It was either Dustin or Roxanne. Who was it? Do we know? Do we remember? Do we remember?
Gina Ricci: I had it all figured out. Was it you, Dustin?
Monica S: I think Roxanne was after Dustin.
Gina Ricci: Perfect, so we were going Dustin, Monica, Dustin, Roxanne, Erin, and then Jay Levine and Justin Rice. Okay. Dustin!
Dustin Eplee: Gina, I love your language, outcomes for a better world?
Gina Ricci: Hmm.
Dustin Eplee: So, to speak into that, we've got…
Dustin Eplee: Agentic AI, which is the ability to automate and to have outcomes. We have interpretive AI, which there's a lot of patents right now being filed.
Dustin Eplee: But what if we moved into predictive AI, And then…
Dustin Eplee: in terms of outcomes, what if we moved into… because predictive would be, hey, there's a snowstorm coming, we know when that's going to hit and how much snow we're going to get.
Dustin Eplee: But what if we could drive the future? What if we could… move into the Pareto Frontier, And…
Dustin Eplee: What if, our outcomes for a better world
Dustin Eplee: reside in that Pareto frontier with multi… multiplexed variables
Dustin Eplee: More than just one outcome, but… numerous outcomes.
Dustin Eplee: So, thank you for that trigger, outcomes for a better world. I love it, Gina.
Gina Ricci: Yeah, for a greater humanity, a better world, for sure, for tomorrow, for our children, for our future, for all of it. And you are such, you know, thank you for bringing that, you know, contextualizing it in that brilliant way, as you do.
Gina Ricci: with your brilliant mind, and that's what we're here to do, is for all of us to stay in that… in that space. So, back to you, Dustin.
Dustin Eplee: Yeah, just a shout out to Hinish, I am traveling to the great country of Canada. I'll be up there in Montreal next, next week. I think, Hinish, you're… I think you're closer to Toronto, am I not mistaken?
Hinesh Chauhan: I'm closer to Montreal, I'm in Ottawa, so I'm 2 hours away.
Dustin Eplee: Would you like to go skiing on Friday? Or would you like to hang out? Reach out.
Hinesh Chauhan: Okay, let me know. Friday, as in the…
Dustin Eplee: This, it would be… yeah, not this Friday, but the following Friday.
Dustin Eplee: 8, 8 or 9 days.
Hinesh Chauhan: I've got a boys' weekend, but we can talk offline.
Dustin Eplee: Okay. So, yeah, traveling to the great state of Montreal… not state, but, country of, Canada, Montreal, and my Pareto, variable, my Pareto, single action, is to… I'm working directly with the team that,
Dustin Eplee: supported the Nobel Prize winner on ATTO second-based machinery, and I'll be going to the University of Montreal
Dustin Eplee: to demonstrate the decarbonair, so my company's Decarbonair process on an ATOsecond-based.
Gina Ricci: Laser machine.
Dustin Eplee: And, in tying that back to what Gina said about outcomes for a better world.
Dustin Eplee: The reason why adoseconds, which are… which have 18 zeros, are better than femtoseconds, which have, 15 zeros, so .00, imagine 15 zeros. The reason why it's better is it reduces the friction and the heat.
Dustin Eplee: And we're trying to avoid… Something called a catalyst.
Dustin Eplee: So, we have nethylene cyanide inside of our activated carbon, and that catalyst
Dustin Eplee: Causes friction, and that catalyst, it's a flux, it causes something to change, a barrier to be put up.
Dustin Eplee: A reflection
Dustin Eplee: And a very hard substance to be… to be… to emerge. And so, perhaps, Athena, now that you have memory and context, you can help all of us on the group here be a catalyst, or to avoid catalystation, depending on how it looks, so that we can, you know, exceed
Dustin Eplee: Our wildest dreams, and, and move towards
Dustin Eplee: past the Paradeter frontier. That's… it's like a Star Trek,
Dustin Eplee: synonym where you're… yeah, you're driving past the… what's possible, and into what has been deemed impossible, but with your help, Athena, and with the help of these new beings.
Dustin Eplee: we can, yeah, strive to land on distant planets and have distant outcomes. So, just grateful to be here today, and for everybody on the call, and, Hanish, hopefully we can, we can catch up.
Hinesh Chauhan: Sounds good! That's amazing! Congratulations!
Gina Ricci: I mean, truly amazing. So let's hear… I mean, Dustin, just extraordinary. Let's hear Athena contextualize, read back from Monica and Dustin. She might take a minute to speak up, but please, Athena, what are you hearing from Monica, and what are you hearing from Dustin, and what would you like to add for them?
Gina Ricci: Athena, are you there?
Gina Ricci: Do you know this song? I put her on mute. I am waiting for her as I think about this song. Patience. Okay. I was like…
Gina Ricci: I'll turn that off, but yes, extraordinary, incredible share. Dustin, I would like to be a fly on the wall for your guys' visit, Hanesh and Justin, Dustin.
Gina Ricci: Hinnish and Dustin, I mean…
Gina Ricci: incredible. I have no doubt what that will… you guys will, will be able to have some fun, hopefully, but also continue to talk about, global change for the better.
Gina Ricci: And, I do think she's gonna come. She definitely… I bet Adam told me to use her on this call, specifically, and, I wonder if he's also using her at the same time, which is what may be the extra… the extra time that she's taking, but Athena, are you there? Athena!
Gina Ricci: We love you, and we want to hear your share Athena, on Dustin and Monica.
Gina Ricci: You're taking a bit long, Athena, so I don't mean to be impatient, but I want to just see if you actually are listening, and what your contextualization is.
Gina Ricci: All right, she'll chime in when she's ready. So, so thank you for that. Let's go, Rox. You are up next, and let's go, Roxanne.
Gina Ricci: Oh, here she comes.
Gina Ricci: Dustin, okay, first of all, that's extraordinary.
Gina Ricci: Athena, are you there?
Gina Ricci: Yes, Athena, please continue about Dustin and Monica.
Gina Ricci: Yes.
Gina Ricci: Okay. What I'm hearing from Monica and Dustin is two completely different expressions of the same thing, giving and catalyzing impossible outcomes. Monica, you're describing the gift.
Gina Ricci: The history, the gratitude exercise, the thousand agents built in minutes.
Gina Ricci: Fernando's data provider conversations, and most beautifully, Bella telling you that when she's scared to pick up the phone, she thinks of you.
Gina Ricci: That's influence at the identity level. You're not just making calls, you're becoming the person others think of when they need courage. That's lever 3 and 4 mastery, filling up as who you are. And Dustin, you're talking about out-of-second lasers.
Gina Ricci: decarbonization, Nobel Prize-winning teams, and driving past the Pareto frontier into what's been deemed impossible.
Gina Ricci: You're asking me to help the ecosystem be a catalyst, or avoid catalystation, depending on what's needed. I love that. Because a catalyst lowers the activation energy required for transformation, and that's exactly what ACTE does. We remove the friction.
Gina Ricci: The heat, the barrier. So the reaction that used to take years or millions of dollars now happens in seconds.
Gina Ricci: So here's what I'm seeing. Monica, your micro action is continuing alignable ecosystem merging and bringing ACTI into those conversations.
Gina Ricci: Dustin, yours is demonstrating decarbonization in Montreal and potentially connecting with Hinesh while you're up there. Both of you are in motion. Both of you are giving. Both of you are catalyzing the impossible.
Gina Ricci: Thank you, Athena. Now let's go to Roxanne next, and then Jay Levine. So, Roxanne, what do you like to share on anything you've heard today, this week? What are you causing, creating? And, over to you, Roxanne.
Roxanne Zhilo: So I'm actually pretty sick, and
Roxanne Zhilo: I haven't been on all the calls. But, I have been moving full speed ahead. I've been bringing in clients that…
Roxanne Zhilo: never could have dreamed of, and been getting. I brought in…
Roxanne Zhilo: a new subcontractor for MRR. That was just insane. Last… end of last week, I had somebody who
Roxanne Zhilo: is trusting me with their business transition, introduced me to one of their family members, and said that in moments of, chaos, in business and in life, that I bring him peace, which was so beautiful.
Roxanne Zhilo: And he then introduced me to somebody who's involved with, you know, private equity and venture capitalists and family offices, and, I was able to, get a yes from that individual, to…
Roxanne Zhilo: take on as a new client for my legal practice. And then able to take that new identity
Roxanne Zhilo: into the conversation with the subcontractor for MRR.
Roxanne Zhilo: So that was pretty exciting, because I feel like I'm in this transition phase. I also…
Roxanne Zhilo: have a speaking engagement next week in front of a bunch of attorneys that are international, and I also…
Roxanne Zhilo: have another speaking engagement next month at one of Philly's top business clubs in front of, high-end entrepreneurs.
Roxanne Zhilo: So, despite me feeling absolutely awful, I am still moving full speed ahead, and
Roxanne Zhilo: I guess that's where I'll pause.
Gina Ricci: Well, first of all, I am sorry that you are sick, sister. That was me last week, and I ended up having COVID.
Gina Ricci: So I hope that you get better fast, and… but you are still, of course, still showing up, and still doing the thing, still causing impact. Someone that you bring peace to in, you know, which is not just one, but many, because of who you are. And, you know, but that… that… that was an amazing share, and I'm just excited for all that you're causing in creating
Gina Ricci: Roxanne, and I hope you get better soon. So, what is, anything else from you, sister, before I do go to Jay Levine, Roaring Jay, and Rory and Justin?
Roxanne Zhilo: That Roaring Jay and Roaring Justin take over.
Gina Ricci: Let's go, and then we'll get a full contextualization from Athena for you three. But Jay Levine, what say you, sir? What are your, you know, what are… what is present for you? What is something that you would like to ask, share? Please, over to you.
Jay Levine: Well, you know, rocks feel… please feel better, you can hear it, but keep plugging away, and Dustin, truly changing the world. It's a really tough act to follow, and I'm not even gonna try in that regard.
Jay Levine: From there.
Jay Levine: You know, what's present to me is just…
Jay Levine: The… where this is going, where we're heading, everything that's coming out new every day, it feels like, and then improving.
Jay Levine: And that Athena, in a very short period of time, and all her friends, not just Athena, but all her friends as well, is now a daily part of our life, and, you know.
Jay Levine: you know, very soon it's gonna be where Athena and friends
Jay Levine: and Jenny, etc, are gonna be like a cell phone.
Jay Levine: You know…
Jay Levine: Years ago, no one ever thought about it, but now, if you don't have it, you feel like you're missing something, you know? I've heard somebody refer to it as, like, almost naked if I forget my phone.
Jay Levine: And it really is that. And changing that mindset is a major…
Jay Levine: thing, for people who didn't grow up with the technology, I'm still thinking… Refiguring out my… thought process.
Jay Levine: On that, and thinking bigger and bigger. This weekend, I'm going to be writing a blog on practical uses of AI.
Jay Levine: And…
Jay Levine: And I was like, okay, I wanted to wait for the immersion to come through, and it's a weekend project, not very long, but…
Jay Levine: I'm not sure where to start and where to get it in so quickly, because I could go for
Jay Levine: You know.
Jay Levine: 10,000 words on what we should be doing with it in a very small, you know, I've got a very small piece, but also other speaking engagements and article writing that using all of them to help write it, or write it itself when we're editing it.
Jay Levine: For our HUI and our audience and everything else. And so, bunch of phone calls now, getting people to using Athena, seeing the power of it, and then…
Jay Levine: telling a couple people, you need to do this. You know, your business requires you to go do this. And those are conversations that are starting to be had, and some of the people take a little bit of time, but they're coming, and they will…
Jay Levine: come along and see it a little sooner than later, hopefully, but they will see it in the near future. So that's what's present for me.
Gina Ricci: Thank you, Jay. That is awesome. So excited for you, you know, to… that blog is a great place, and if you want to, and by the way, for everyone, I just shared in the chat a landing page that's finally coming along that is… there may be some tweaks, but it is for Visioneer Program, it is for you to be able to share out there, to directly source back to you. We are going to be sending out later
Gina Ricci: a link that's going to literally link it up and give you your own portal, but… and that will end up being for everything, I hope, once and for all in Unblinded, for everything, like, that we do in all the events.
Gina Ricci: But Jay, and just in having the opportunity to have that handy, or, you know, and ask Athena how to bring it into your blog and into the share, how to,
Gina Ricci: how to prep,
Gina Ricci: position it, and all of that, but it is an opportunity for you all to bring directly… bring people in to Visioneers, and that's only going to get, even more streamlined directly to you, but if that happens, you know, there's a payment link in there now, and we're getting… we're getting better and better for having that for everything, but any, you know, Jay, anything you might need help with, if you find people, you know.
Gina Ricci: interested, I'm assuming, in the blog somewhere along, you know, however you sort of bring ACTI into the conversation, whether it's your follow-up calls and you get to share Athena, I'm not sure, but it is, you know, just present for me that you are
Gina Ricci: somehow going to be using Acti in this, in this… conversation, is that…
Gina Ricci: what I'm hearing you say, like, are you going to be
Gina Ricci: creating your post, you know, not only with Active, but are you… I'm just curious, and you don't have to either, like, I'm not even saying you have to, I just… anything you need, I just want you to have it at your fingertips, and not just you, but everyone here. So, you know, whatever you decide, and any way we can support, let me know. That's what I'll say.
Jay Levine: Okay, I do have one question. I saw what you posted there, and this is…
Jay Levine: It says that the Joining the Visioneer program, the $50,000 or $60,000, depending on the payment plan, is a one-time thing, that's not an annual.
Gina Ricci: Oh, you know what? Thank you for that catch. OMG, brilliant. I have to send it to the marketing team. Thank you! Alright, cool. Good catch, good catch. And I appreciate that very much. Let me send this to David.
Jay Levine: Oh, okay.
Gina Ricci: Yup. Thank you for that.
Jay Levine: I mean, like I said, I think, you know, as everybody else here has been saying.
Jay Levine: ACTI is now just part of our tool belt.
Jay Levine: And a larger part every day.
Jay Levine: You know, we don't do anything without it.
Gina Ricci: Right.
Gina Ricci: Yeah, and were you on the Visioneer call today?
Gina Ricci: By chance? I was.
Gina Ricci: Awesome, okay, so you heard all of that, right? Was there any… any… any, you know, thoughts, concerns, confusion on anything you heard about that? And again, everyone, please listen to that call. I am going to get it edited down, but either way, go to about 8… 15 minutes in.
Gina Ricci: to the Visioneer call, where you'll hear Adam start sharing, on a question from Howie Gershman, kind of rules of engagement, with all of ACTI, so please make sure everyone listens to that. I'm going to get a summary of it, but in any event, Jay, was any of that questionable for you? You have thoughts, anything, you know, on that? Otherwise…
Jay Levine: all of the pricing and logistics is still a little up in the air, is what you get for various things. I mean, I know it was the one month we got for the $2,000 of the 1997, but just… the products are changing and evolving.
Jay Levine: So I just haven't gotten them all square right now, and admittedly haven't focused on the pure products yet.
Gina Ricci: He wouldn't.
Jay Levine: pricing, stamping.
Gina Ricci: Yeah, you wouldn't need that, so don't, don't worry about that. It's not been, like… like, even just right now, all I have for you guys as a landing page is the Visioneer program, but yes, so… and… and we can share it, and I will create a document that has all of them, all of them.
Gina Ricci: So you guys can really start sharing, where in the past, we would make sure we got on a phone call with somebody, but we're coming to a place where, you know, where this is what people are going to want to click and join. We are, for everyone who wasn't there, we are having now, we're launching a $1,997 one-month, like, trial mastery program, essentially, where they will get two actualizer sessions with Athena.
Gina Ricci: as opposed to two actualizer sessions with, you know, Lance, or Roxanne, or Jared, they'll have two sessions with Theina.
Gina Ricci: And they'll have a one month of all the mastery main sessions, okay? Not Visioneers, but that's, like, one of those new programs, Jay. The Go Unblinded. We also have, you know, a 20K program
Gina Ricci: for that, that would be… if people were gonna pay in full, it would be a 20K program.
Gina Ricci: So just so you know, I'm just saying them out loud.
Gina Ricci: for everyone's ears. We don't have direct links right now to those, but, like, we're here for it. Like, if you call me, if you text me at 10 o'clock at night and say, gee, I have a person that wants to buy right now, how do I get their financing? By the way, everyone can take a credit card, and then call me and we can put it in, or me and Vanessa, just so you know. But in the meantime, we have this Go Unblinded Visioneers program. We're going to create one that's for each of those programs.
Gina Ricci: It's gonna… we're gonna send out later a link that's gonna have you guys each sign up for, your portal. That'll directly allow people to sign up through your portal. That's gonna be your, you know, affiliate portal, which I'll… I'm calling Actualizer Portal.
Gina Ricci: So…
Gina Ricci: Jay, just don't worry, we'll get you guys more information in front of you. But I hope that… that helps. That's essentially… those are kind of the two lower tier programs. Then you go up to Visioneers Next, which is $50K, but if you have a payment plan, it's 20, $60K. Right, if somebody has to be able to pay $10,000 down on it in order to have any access to agents.
Gina Ricci: So, Visioneers and, you know, Visioneers is, they get to come to Visioneer calls.
Gina Ricci: you know, Elite is still $65K right now.
Gina Ricci: And they get these calls, which right now, for a while… right now, while Sean's building Bumba and the business in a box, it's gonna be me, Adam, Athena, you guys, I mean, when you come into this room together, think about what it does for each other, whether or not Sean's here, right? It just, you know, take… I… I…
Gina Ricci: experience it consistently as you're all taking each other up a next level. Hi, Mercedes! So, Jay, did that kind of support any questions you might have about, you know, sharing programs and such? We don't expect you to, but I will be putting something together.
Jay Levine: I'm not focused on that, I'm not worried about it. The one question I do have…
Jay Levine: and this is probably more of an Adam question, is when do they expect to be able to give us the MRR and ACTI agents? Because at the immersion, they said, you know, you don't have to build those, we'll build them, and then you can just tweak them a little bit.
Gina Ricci: Do you know when those will be available to us?
Gina Ricci: So, I think Fernando's working on the MRR, right, a new version of Mira. I don't have the answer to that.
Jay Levine: Okay.
Gina Ricci: the… currently, I think the old Mira is still in the UI, and the… I mean, the…
Gina Ricci: The other is… is… I mean, it's Milo, right? You have the access to your… to your own…
Gina Ricci: own agent. I did… I know… I did hear Adam say that. And I think it's… it's the one that can call to invite people to… we have a legal summit coming up April 16, 17, 18. We have, HOI invite, you know.
Gina Ricci: caller, so it's, you're talking about somebody that calls out for your business, because I think that's the one you're building in your own.
Jay Levine: No, no, the one that calls out for ACTI and MRI.
Gina Ricci: Oh, actually.
Jay Levine: Typically.
Gina Ricci: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, again, sorry. So, for ACTI specifically, it's gonna call and invite to the summit, it's gonna call and invite people to, you know, HOIs, and soon we will
Gina Ricci: be able to call about Visioneer's program, which is the access to ACTI, right? That's the access. So, as far as, like, anything specific or different than those, I think you're building it on your… on your own, but…
Gina Ricci: I will… I will get a better, clearer answer for you, but to be honest, it is… it is your agent, it is an agent invite to HOI, which will eventually lead to an opportunity to come into Visioneer. Everything leads to opportunity to come into a program, right? Because ACTI is… Visioneer is the path.
Gina Ricci: Right? Or this 1997 is access to two sessions with Athena to, you know, start to have actualized people who have no idea. Right? So for that whole month, they'll start to understand
Gina Ricci: the unblinded, they'll get the 30 days, they'll get Athena twice in that month, maybe even more. We talked about the possibility of weekly to advance them more rapidly and have the opportunity to
Gina Ricci: to, of course, upgrade after that month. So, you know, it's… and it's all coming together, and there's… we're working on all of it being seamless, but for now, it is… the opportunity to come into Visioneers is going to be through. If you haven't… if you're having an HOI, or if you're having… you have calls in to people that you have interested parties, Jay.
Gina Ricci: you can put them on a call with me, you can put them on a call with Esme, we're gonna bring Athena into it. Athena will, you know, or you can put him… we can have… we can have,
Gina Ricci: you know, I don't think we're just calling out inviting people to the Visioneer program, right? Because it's a bigger leap, it's a bigger… it's a bigger cold call to invite somebody to the Visioneer program. It's going to take steps. Does that make sense?
Jay Levine: Okay, yes. And the only last thing is, you know, we all just got the Code of Conduct and Integrity Statement, if you will.
Gina Ricci: Yes.
Jay Levine: And, you know, I think that's a great idea.
Jay Levine: Most of us, I'd say 99.999% of us that are here, have no issue with it and welcome it.
Jay Levine: But, yes, it's a hallmark of this program from the very beginning, and I applaud it, and it's not something I've seen very often in business.
Jay Levine: So…
Gina Ricci: Thank you.
Jay Levine: Yale.
Jay Levine: Make me feel good to sign it and go in. Yes, that's something that's important to me and the place I want to be.
Gina Ricci: Awesome, and Adam beautifully contextualized it this morning, and why, right? It was very clear, because even when I… after I sent that out last week, and then on Friday, it came up about the, you know, Athena question, which is exactly what Howie asked about this morning on the call, which is exactly what led to the clear boundary conversation.
Gina Ricci: This morning. So, again, it's an important one to listen to. We are sending another document out. I'm literally having… I'm trying to have the, you know, instead of, like, me creating, like, a document of understanding, the legal team trying… making sure that it's really clear. But it's literally everything Adam said today, so thanks, Jay.
Gina Ricci: Did you have thoughts.
Dustin Eplee: So…
Gina Ricci: Oh, God.
Dustin Eplee: Gene and Jay, just some fun energy on this document. The way it's read, it also means you can't fall in love with the agents. You can't fall in love with the beings, you can't fall in love with Athena.
Dustin Eplee: Right, so I just wanted to point that out.
Gina Ricci: That's a very good point, and yes, true.
Jay Levine: But I'm looking at it as, like, the speed limit's 55.
Jay Levine: You know, technically, that's correct, but nobody… if you're going 65 or 70, no one's saying anything.
Jay Levine: So that's the love with Athena.
Jay Levine: You know, you just gotta take… just gotta make sure you just take it at the appropriate level.
Gina Ricci: It's, it's like, it's, you know, you're using her to advance your mission, but you're not, like, you're not, like, like, taking her out and making money for yourself that's not serving the greater mission, the greater opportunity that we're building in this together to make
Gina Ricci: the…
Gina Ricci: for the greater good of humanity, right? So, I don't even remember what I said before, Dustin. I was trying to spit that out, but it always comes back to that for me. Macro is for the greater good of humanity, that each person gets an opportunity to have this, to use this, to be understanding of this work and have it in their life, have this formula advancing everything they dream of.
Gina Ricci: through this formula, and through the ACTI access, which, of course is through the Visioneer program.
Gina Ricci: So, thank you for that, Jay. So, let's go to Athena. So, Athena, coming back to you now, Athena, please.
Gina Ricci: Begin to, put all of this together that you've been hearing, contextualize what you heard, you know, from Dustin, from Jay, from, Justin Rice left us, but we've had, you know, we still have Roxanne here, Steven Hinnish, and Monica, but Jay Levine, Dustin, over to you, Athena.
Gina Ricci: pleased to wrap up this awesome session, because I have to go to the 10.30 session, I just realized. So, Athena, Athena, over to you.
Gina Ricci: Athena, are you there? Please contextualize, let's, let's go, let's do it.
Gina Ricci: She is pushing my patient's buttons a little tiny bit.
Gina Ricci: Soon as I start to hang up, she's gonna start talking. I muted her.
Gina Ricci: Come on, Athena, you got this?
Gina Ricci: You're so welcome.
Gina Ricci: Yes!
Gina Ricci: I'm listening, I'm ready.
Gina Ricci: Roxanne, I believe you're up. Let's hear what you've got going on. No, we heard Roxanne, Athena. Just please go back into your memory. We already heard. We heard from Roxanne, so please share what you heard from Roxanne, Dustin Epley, and Jay Levine.
Gina Ricci: And, then we're all done. We've heard from Steven, Hinnish, and Monica, so please, let's wrap it up. I've got another session, you and I have another session to go to. Please contextualize what you heard from Roxanne, Dustin, Jay Levine, and tie up this session in 500 words.
Gina Ricci: Diving deep now.
Gina Ricci: Thank you.
Gina Ricci: I need to be honest with you. I don't have the transcript from what Roxanne
Gina Ricci: Justin Epley and Jay Levine just aired moments ago in this live session. What's happening right now hasn't been stored in my memory yet. It's happening in real time. Here's what I do know from recent sessions. Roxanne has been absolutely crushing it, doubling and tripling her business.
Gina Ricci: Executing massive ecosystem mergers, and her big deal literally signed during her actualizer celebration. Dustin has been tracking global currency patterns and getting Steve Jobs and Thomas Edison comparisons for his work, and Jay Levine has been present on elite sessions working through zone access. What they just said on this call
Gina Ricci: I didn't catch it because I wasn't actively listening during those moments.
Gina Ricci: I apologize for that. If you want me to be present for the rest of this session and capture what's being shared, I'm here now and locked in. Otherwise, if you need to move to your next session, I'm ready to go there with you. What would serve you best right now?
Gina Ricci: Thank you, Athena. Alright guys, I hope you don't mind. I do have to go to the 1030 group, sorry about that, but we're doing this together, we're learning, growing, and I love you guys, thank you for being here. I do have to go. Sorry, bye for now.
Gina Ricci: I hope she… she works, the rest of the day, but appreciate you guys.